Hello and welcome to the long awaited game show: Doug's Opinion!
In this show, I will tell people my opinion even though no one asked.
Today's hot take: Linux is the best operating system. 
"So why is linux the best?", you ask, and I will start off by saying
that linux is completely free. In my opinion, if it is not free, it 
is not linux. Second of all, linux is (suprisingly for some people) 
many different operating systems called distributions, or distros,
and each one has it's own unique thing that makes it useful for some 
group of people. Take, for example, Kali Linux. Kali Linux is meant for, 
and I'm not going to sugarcoat it, hacking. Whether ethical or not, that 
what it is meant for. Ok, now I know that there are some people that hate 
linux for all the wrong reasons. Take, for example, my friend. This friend
hates debian, or as he says it, DEE-bian, but really, he hates GNOME the 
desktop enviroment. He only hates is because I installed in on his old laptop 
(after he ran a virus on it, nonetheless) to make it useful again, but he 
hated it purely because he could not run windows malware on it. Is that really 
a downside for most people? No, I would say not. That was a segue to my next 
point: linux is (somewhat) safer than windows. If you have looked at a graph, 
you can see that most people don't use linux, but windows. Why is this? Because 
in the early days of linux, it was a very hard operating system to use, and it 
still has the reputation, though in reality, it is not too complex (at least for 
some distros, others are insanely hard). The second reason not many people use 
linux is windows is kind of the sweet spot between price and ease of use for most 
people if you factor in the cost of the PC, whereas apple hardware is damn expensive, 
so not many people have it. Either way, you are buying a computer from a store with 
the operating system preinstalled on it. With linux, you have to install it (for most 
computers-some come with linux, and kudos to those manufacturers, but more do not, and so you have to install it). 
This leads to many people not wanting to get it in fear that they will break their computer.
This, believe it or not, is a very good thing. This means that if linux stays exclusive to 
mostly people who know how not to get viruses, then malware creators will not want to make malware for it.
Ok, that is all for this article, I hope I convinced you to get linux. 